6.7 direct_geometry.rst release notes (#35631)
mantidproject/mantid: docs/source/release/v6.7.0/direct_geometry.rst

New features
############
- The :ref:`ALFView <ALFView-ref>` interface now executes all algorithms on a background thread to provide a smoother user experience.
- The :ref:`ALFView <ALFView-ref>` interface is now disabled when running an algorithm, and re-enabled when it has finished. The title of the ALFView window is changed to indicate why the interface is disabled.
- A new loader has been added to handle Lagrange NeXus files: LoadILLLagrange.
- :ref:`LagrangeILLReduction <algm-LagrangeILLReduction>` can now accept NeXus data as input for both sample and container runs.
- `Shiver <https://github.com/neutrons/Shiver>`_ has been added as a menu item for Direct interfaces.

Bugfixes
############
- The :ref:`ALFView <ALFView-ref>` peak picker tool is now offset on the y axis by the background amount.

> - The :ref:`ALFView <ALFView-ref>` peak picker tool is now set as activate by default.

Reviewer: Not sure, about this suggestion. Do you think it is right?
```suggestion
- The :ref:`ALFView <ALFView-ref>` peak picker tool is now activated by default.
```

Bugfixes
############
- Fixed GDOS intensity correction so that the correction is applied in the same way regardless of rotation of the slice plot.
- Fix for an error when saving a slice plot as a matlab file.
- Warning now omitted if a cut is taken with a higher resolution than the parent slice. This causes the appearance of missing lines between adjacent datapoints.
- When taking a cut, if an intensity range is provided it is now applied to the plot y limits.

> - When changing intensity of a slice plot the axis limits now get reset to their original values. This solves a bug where zooming out after an intensity change was not possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When changing the intensity of a slice plot the axis limits now get reset to their original values. This solves a bug where zooming out after an intensity change was not possible.
```
